# Project Documentation

I used
[⭐ **Workflow: Apply Example**](https://denisecase.github.io/pro-analytics-02/workflow-b-apply-example-project/)
to get the example projects running on my machine and then I made technical changes on copies.

## Project Documentation Pages (docs/)

- **Home** - this documentation landing page
- [**Project Instructions**](./project-instructions.md)  - the standard project workflow
- [**Your Files**](./your-files.md) - how to copy the example and create your version
- [**Glossary**](./glossary.md) - project terms and concepts
- [**API**](./api.md) - autogenerated code documentation for the public project interface

---

## Phase 4. Technical Modification

-I changed the data set to titanic from the seaborn library instead of penguins.
-
- I chose that change because I would have to change only a small amount of the code and so that I could see it run with different outputs throughout the entire notebook.
-
- I verified it worked by running each cell, and by checking the project log.
-
- This would be an example of supervised learning because we know whether or not the people survived.


### Summary
The output said that this would be a regression model because the column is numeric. However, I don't fully agree with that. If you ask the question whether a person has survived or not, your answer should be the words "yes" or "no". For this data set, those words had been turned into numerical values, 0 for no and 1 for yes. So while this column technically has numerical values which would mean regression analysis, it is actually providing data for a classification question.
